Update spark client changelog for release 0.4.0 (#4286)
treeverse/lakeFS: clients/spark/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.4.0 - 2022-09-30
What's new:

> * Separate GC into mark and sweep parts and add configuration parameteres to control what phases to run (#4264)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Separate GC into a mark and sweep parts and add configuration parameters to control what phases to run (#4264)
```

Author: done

Bug fixes:

> * Fix a failure to writing an empty datafame into GC report while running in mark-only mode (#4239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the failure to write an empty dataframe into GC reports when running in mark-only mode (#4239)
```

Author: done
